# hello-world
An attempt to fight The Almighty Filter Bubble and save Humanity.

  My name is Sean M. Peacock.  I'm a student, writer, programmer, developer, and musician who loves strings, brass, and bellows.  I am very interested in the open-source community and supporting it however I can.  I would like to learn through making attempts at achieving a particular goal.  Currently, my aim is to create a web-based platform through which people from around the world can collaborate and produce music (initially, the end goal is to create an art collective that supports creativity and welcomes input).  The way that GitHub functions really seems like a good start to make this happen.  I really just want to utilize modern technologies in an abstract, more human way.  I realize that a program cannot run if a memory register attempts to hold two values simultaneously.  The same could be said for creating something as linear as audio.  Users currently cannot improvise in real-time due to the slight delay caused by modulation, data transmission, and demodulation.  I'd like to give artists a way to all contribute and learn together as they create something beautiful, to them at least. A way around this would be to allow branching of an initial idea and have users contribute to specific branches.  

  The master file will esentially be a prompt that can then be taken in different directions by contributors through branching. Group members need to have a realiably up-to-datte resource pool (every hour or so); enabling them to make contributions to the audio that other members are working with. With audio this can be a resource-intensive task either by transferring large raw audio files to and from a server, or by encoding raw audio into compressed audio before transmission and decompression on the remote client.  There should be minimal data loss in this process to keep the audio files at an agreeable quality.  Audio quality should be a focus of the project. 

  A person can submit a pull request to merge their branch changes into master, but other groups should have the option to take the project in their own direction by creating a sub-master branch. There could be multiple commits, discourse, and pull requests.  Each commit would need a numeric value designating a time precedence to make sure things happen sequentially, kinda like a Time-Division Multiple Access(TDMA) network.  
  
  I believe that the incorporation of a sequencer or digital audio workstation that is web-based would allow the project to support the most users while also ensuring audio quality.  Contributions made to the project should be individual raw audio files of a shared data type.  The master track can be played with specific audio commits(the ones that haven't been pulled) toggled on or off.  
